README.md, before:

# Alura Geek: site de E-Commerce

_For the English version of this README, click [here](#English)._

<div align='center'>
  <figure>
    <a href='https://alurageek.herokuapp.com/' target='_blank'>
      <img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sucodelarangela/alura-geek/master/public/images/og-image.png'>
    </a>
    <figcaption>Para testar o site, basta clicar na imagem! ^^</figcaption>
  </figure>
  
![GitHub deployments](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/sucodelarangela/alura-geek/alurageek?style=flat-square)
  
</div>

## 🔎 Visão geral

Olá, devs!

Neste repositório você encontrará uma página de e-commerce para uma loja online de produtos geek chamada **Alura Geek**, que está sendo desenvolvida como resultado de um Desafio Front-End (3ª edição) exclusivo para alunos da escola de tecnologia [Alura](https://www.alura.com.br).

## 🦾 Sobre o desafio

O Desafio simula um ambiente de trabalho real, com tarefas exigidas pelos designers por meio de cartões no **Trello** para que os alunos possam experimentar como é um job real. É necessário comunicar-se e entender o que os designers realmente querem de cada tarefa, podemos escolher a tecnologia que melhor se aplica a nós para desenvolvermos o código. Você pode adicionar recursos e sugerir modificações caso tenha ideias melhores e assim por diante.

Não há aulas específicas para o desafio, por isso devemos desenvolver com o conhecimento que temos. As instrutoras prepararam um plano de estudos com dicas de coisas que podemos precisar caso precisemos fazer algo e não saibamos exatamente como fazer, mas é nossa responsabilidade buscar e trocar informações com outros desenvolvedores para realizar o trabalho.

O Desafio dura 4 semanas. Todas as segundas-feiras durante 3 semanas receberemos novos trabalhos dos designers e devemos desenvolver o que foi pedido. Na semana 4, estamos livres para implementar novos recursos ou brincar com estilos e outros questões de aparência.

O Desafio começou em 14 de março de 2022.

## 📈 Andamento do projeto

- **Semana 1:** Desenvolvimento das estruturas e estilizações. No meu caso, escolhi desenvolver em HTML e CSS.
- **Semana 2 (atual):** Implementação do Node.js, Express e EJS para modificar dinamicamente o HTML.
- **Semana 3 (em breve)**
- **Semana 4 (em breve)**

## ⚙️ Como usar

Você pode testar a página clicando na imagem no topo deste README. Ou, se desejar, faça o download deste repositório e, com o seu terminal, entre no diretório do projeto e siga os passos abaixo:

1. Rode o comando `npm install` para instalar as dependências;
<!-- 2. Depois, rode o comando `npm run init-db` para instalar o banco de dados -->
2. Para iniciar a aplicação, rode o comando `npm start`.


## 💻 Linguagens, bibliotecas e/ou API's utilizadas (até o momento):

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EJS-A91E50?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

---

<div id="English" style="font-style: italic;">

_English version_

</div>

## 🔎 Overview

Hello, devs!

In this repo you will find an e-commerce page for a geek products store named **Alura Geek**, which is currently in development as a result of a Front-End Challenge (3rd edition) exclusively for students of [Alura](https://www.alura.com.br) tech school.

## 🦾 About the challenge

The Challenge simulates a real work environment, with tasks required by the designers via **Trello** cards, so students may experience how a real job feels like. It is necessary to communicate and understand what the designers really want from each tasks, we can choose the technology that best apply for us to develop the code. We can add features and suggest modifications in case we have better ideas and so on.

There are no specific classes for the challenge, so we must go on with the knowledge we have. The instructors have prepared a study plan with tips of things we might need in case we need to do something and don't know exactly how to do it, but it is our part to seek and exchange info with other developers to get the job done.

The Challenge lasts 4 weeks. Every Monday for 3 weeks we will receive new assignments from the designers and should develop what was asked. On week 4 we are free to implement new features or play with styles and othe appearances feats.

The Challenge started at March 14th, 2022.

## 📈 Project status

- **Week 1:** Development of structure and style. In my case, I have chosen to develop the page using HTML and CSS and soon the HTML page will change content dinamically with EJS.
- **Week 2 (current):** Implementation of Node.js, Express and EJS to dinamically change HTML content when navigating the website.
- **Week 3 (coming soon)**
- **Week 4 (coming soon)**

## ⚙️ How to use it

You can test the page by clicking the image on the top of this README. Or, if you prefer, download this repository, run your terminal inside the project directory and follow the steps below:

1. Run the command `npm install` to install the dependencies;
<!-- 2. Then, run the command `npm run init-db` to install the database; -->
2. Finally, start the application by running the command `npm start`.

## 💻 Languages, libs and/or API's used (until now):

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EJS-A91E50?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

Commit message:

Login form validation with regex

README.md, after:

# Alura Geek: site de E-Commerce

_For the English version of this README, click [here](#English)._

<div align='center'>
  <figure>
    <a href='https://alurageek.herokuapp.com/' target='_blank'>
      <img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sucodelarangela/alura-geek/master/public/images/og-image.png'>
    </a>
    <figcaption>Para testar o site, basta clicar na imagem! ^^</figcaption>
  </figure>
  
![GitHub deployments](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/sucodelarangela/alura-geek/alurageek?style=flat-square)
  
</div>

## 🔎 Visão geral

Olá, devs!

Neste repositório você encontrará uma página de e-commerce para uma loja online de produtos geek chamada **Alura Geek**, que está sendo desenvolvida como resultado de um Desafio Front-End (3ª edição) exclusivo para alunos da escola de tecnologia [Alura](https://www.alura.com.br).

## 🦾 Sobre o desafio

O Desafio simula um ambiente de trabalho real, com tarefas exigidas pelos designers por meio de cartões no **Trello** para que os alunos possam experimentar como é um job real. É necessário comunicar-se e entender o que os designers realmente querem de cada tarefa, podemos escolher a tecnologia que melhor se aplica a nós para desenvolvermos o código. Você pode adicionar recursos e sugerir modificações caso tenha ideias melhores e assim por diante.

Não há aulas específicas para o desafio, por isso devemos desenvolver com o conhecimento que temos. As instrutoras prepararam um plano de estudos com dicas de coisas que podemos precisar caso precisemos fazer algo e não saibamos exatamente como fazer, mas é nossa responsabilidade buscar e trocar informações com outros desenvolvedores para realizar o trabalho.

O Desafio dura 4 semanas. Todas as segundas-feiras durante 3 semanas receberemos novos trabalhos dos designers e devemos desenvolver o que foi pedido. Na semana 4, estamos livres para implementar novos recursos ou brincar com estilos e outros questões de aparência.

O Desafio começou em 14 de março de 2022.

## 📈 Andamento do projeto

- **Semana 1:** Desenvolvimento das estruturas e estilizações. No meu caso, escolhi desenvolver em HTML e CSS.
- **Semana 2 (atual):** Implementação do Node.js, Express e EJS para modificar dinamicamente o HTML.
- **Semana 3 (em breve)**
- **Semana 4 (em breve)**

## ⚙️ Como usar

Você pode testar a página clicando na imagem no topo deste README. Ou, se desejar, faça o download deste repositório e, com o seu terminal, entre no diretório do projeto e siga os passos abaixo:

1. Rode o comando `npm install` para instalar as dependências;
<!-- 2. Depois, rode o comando `npm run init-db` para instalar o banco de dados -->
2. Para iniciar a aplicação, rode o comando `npm start`;
3. Para fazer o login de administrador na página, utilize os seguintes dados:
   - E-mail: `test@test.com`
   - Senha: `123456Az`

## 💻 Linguagens, bibliotecas e/ou API's utilizadas (até o momento):

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EJS-A91E50?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

---

<div id="English" style="font-style: italic;">

_English version_

</div>

## 🔎 Overview

Hello, devs!

In this repo you will find an e-commerce page for a geek products store named **Alura Geek**, which is currently in development as a result of a Front-End Challenge (3rd edition) exclusively for students of [Alura](https://www.alura.com.br) tech school.

## 🦾 About the challenge

The Challenge simulates a real work environment, with tasks required by the designers via **Trello** cards, so students may experience how a real job feels like. It is necessary to communicate and understand what the designers really want from each tasks, we can choose the technology that best apply for us to develop the code. We can add features and suggest modifications in case we have better ideas and so on.

There are no specific classes for the challenge, so we must go on with the knowledge we have. The instructors have prepared a study plan with tips of things we might need in case we need to do something and don't know exactly how to do it, but it is our part to seek and exchange info with other developers to get the job done.

The Challenge lasts 4 weeks. Every Monday for 3 weeks we will receive new assignments from the designers and should develop what was asked. On week 4 we are free to implement new features or play with styles and othe appearances feats.

The Challenge started at March 14th, 2022.

## 📈 Project status

- **Week 1:** Development of structure and style. In my case, I have chosen to develop the page using HTML and CSS and soon the HTML page will change content dinamically with EJS.
- **Week 2 (current):** Implementation of Node.js, Express and EJS to dinamically change HTML content when navigating the website.
- **Week 3 (coming soon)**
- **Week 4 (coming soon)**

## ⚙️ How to use it

You can test the page by clicking the image on the top of this README. Or, if you prefer, download this repository, run your terminal inside the project directory and follow the steps below:

1. Run the command `npm install` to install the dependencies;
<!-- 2. Then, run the command `npm run init-db` to install the database; -->
2. Finally, start the application by running the command `npm start`;
3. To login as administrator and have access to the rest of the application, use the following data:
   - E-mail: `test@test.com`
   - Password: `123456Az`

## 💻 Languages, libs and/or API's used (until now):

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EJS-A91E50?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>
